may be different from the other branch of the military. It's the day's
sail. They John Paul Jones. More thing about the Navy is way our suffer.
Like when you even anger realize the other way and sell old Arising.
You are part of that crew are on that ship very independent and
forces you to be hush wars. What? I found much more self right, Then
the army or the Air Force officers got leads are part of dates,
said that, but frankly, the Air Force they return tone base. Okay, B
to B 52 outstanding at Pratt, and they fly home every night. Okay,
I'm out there in the middle of Pacific and I won't be home for a couple
of months, so I had to make sure that I am well on it on this. If
they get a mission failure, it's gonna turn around. Go home. The army.
The army is reliant when they're out of garrison. If they're out
of garrison and there, you wouldn't find out war. Okay, but how many
And yes, we've been fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan for 18 years
now, but for the most part, that Special Operations right now, that's
not big on being always missions allowed or 23 up, etcetera. Mom,
um, there's a struggle on deploy on my boss. Okay, Take out the enemy
and return to Garrison. Okay, Navy goes out, spreads diplomacy. Lets
the world know this is what America is all about. And everyone wants
to come to America. Still in the ward, destination for the planet.